Two seats were vacant.
The book is in front of the table.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
A glittering gem is not enough.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
This is a Japanese doll.
The river stole the gods.
I would love that!
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
She was too short to see over the fence.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
:)
Don't step on the broken glass.
Mary plays the piano.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
I am never at home on Sundays.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
The lake is a long way from here.
Perfect!
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Please wait outside of the house.
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
She did her best to help him.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
She advised him to come back at once.
Where do random thoughts come from?
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
Wow, does that work?
We have a lot of rain in June.
That's hilarious
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
Is it free?
OK!
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
Christmas is coming.
The stranger officiates the meal.
Sounds great
I want more detailed information.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
Let me help you with your baggage.
Hurry!
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
How was the math test?
That's funny
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
We need to rent a room for our party.
The old apple revels in its authority.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.