If you like tuna and tomato sauce- try combining the two. It’s really not as bad as it sounds.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
I really want to go to work, but I am too sick to drive.
Please wait outside of the house.
I want to buy a onesie… but know it won’t suit me.
If the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy had babies would they take your teeth and leave chocolate for you?
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
We need to rent a room for our party.
There were white out conditions in the town; subsequently, the roads were impassable.
There was no ice cream in the freezer, nor did they have money to go to the store.
Let me help you with your baggage.
A purple pig and a green donkey flew a kite in the middle of the night and ended up sunburnt.
Malls are great places to shop; I can find everything I need under one roof.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
I think I will buy the red car, or I will lease the blue one.
If Purple People Eaters are real… where do they find purple people to eat?
The river stole the gods.
She works two jobs to make ends meet; at least, that was her reason for not having time to join us.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Wow, does that work?
I currently have 4 windows open up… and I don’t know why.
Wednesday is hump day, but has anyone asked the camel if he’s happy about it?
Someone I know recently combined Maple Syrup & buttered Popcorn thinking it would taste like caramel popcorn. It didn’t and they don’t recommend anyone else do it either.
Check back tomorrow; I will see if the book has arrived.
The memory we used to share is no longer coherent.
This is a Japanese doll.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
Cats are good pets, for they are clean and are not noisy.
Lets all be unique together until we realise we are all the same.
Don't step on the broken glass.
Should we start class now, or should we wait for everyone to get here?
Mary plays the piano.
What was the person thinking when they discovered cow’s milk was fine for human consumption… and why did they do it in the first place!?
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Where do random thoughts come from?
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
Two seats were vacant.
Everyone was busy, so I went to the movie alone.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
I want more detailed information.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
She was too short to see over the fence.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
The book is in front of the table.
She did not cheat on the test, for it was not the right thing to do.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She borrowed the book from him many years ago and hasn't yet returned it.
I'd rather be a bird than a fish.
The stranger officiates the meal.
She always speaks to him in a loud voice.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand. I still remember it quite vividly.
Last Friday in three week’s time I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
We have a lot of rain in June.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
The lake is a long way from here.
The body may perhaps compensates for the loss of a true metaphysics.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
I will never be this young again. Ever. Oh damn… I just got older.
The old apple revels in its authority.
Writing a list of random sentences is harder than I initially thought it would be.
He turned in the research paper on Friday; otherwise, he would have not passed the class.
Is it free?
Rock music approaches at high velocity.
The sky is clear; the stars are twinkling.
The shooter says goodbye to his love.
Yeah, I think it's a good environment for learning English.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
How was the math test?
Hurry!
The waves were crashing on the shore; it was a lovely sight.
Tom got a small piece of pie.
I am never at home on Sundays.
She folded her handkerchief neatly.
He ran out of money, so he had to stop playing poker.
She did her best to help him.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
He didn’t want to go to the dentist, yet he went anyway.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
Christmas is coming.
We have never been to Asia, nor have we visited Africa.
A glittering gem is not enough.
I often see the time 11:11 or 12:34 on clocks.
I am happy to take your donation; any amount will be greatly appreciated.
I would have gotten the promotion, but my attendance wasn’t good enough.
I love eating toasted cheese and tuna sandwiches.
I checked to make sure that he was still alive.
She advised him to come back at once.